Added known limitations and post host pool deploy (#80133)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md

- Pooled desktops used as a jump box. In this configuration, users first access the Azure Virtual Desktop VM before connecting to a different PC on the network. Users shouldn't save data on the VM.
- Pooled desktops or apps where users don't need to save data on the VM. For example, for applications that save data online or connect to a remote database.

User accounts can be cloud-only or hybrid users from the same Azure AD tenant.

> ## Known Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known limitations
```

> The following known issues may impact access to your on-premises or Active Directory domain-joined resources. These issues may impact your decision about whether Azure AD-joined VMs are right for your environment. We currently recommend Azure AD-joined VMs for scenarios where users only need access to cloud-based resources or Azure AD-based authentication. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following known limitations may impact access to your on-premises or Active Directory domain-joined resources and should be considered when deciding whether Azure AD-joined VMs are right for your environment. We currently recommend Azure AD-joined VMs for scenarios where users only need access to cloud-based resources or Azure AD-based authentication. 
```

> - Azure Virtual Desktop (classic) doesn't currently support Azure AD-joined VMs. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Azure Virtual Desktop (classic) doesn't support Azure AD-joined VMs. 
```

> - Azure AD-joined VMs don't currently support external users, only local user profiles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Azure AD-joined VMs don't currently support external users.
```

Author: Good catch on this one!

- Pooled desktops used as a jump box. In this configuration, users first access the Azure Virtual Desktop VM before connecting to a different PC on the network. Users shouldn't save data on the VM.
- Pooled desktops or apps where users don't need to save data on the VM. For example, for applications that save data online or connect to a remote database.

User accounts can be cloud-only or hybrid users from the same Azure AD tenant.

> ## Known Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known limitations
```

Reviewer: Also, please put a line break between the heading and the body text.

Known limitations
(line break)
The following known issues....

> [!NOTE]

> > There are some known limitations that may be a deciding factor when chosing an Azure AD-joined Only solution for your VMs.

Reviewer: Please remove this note.

> Currently Azure AD-joined VMs have the below list of known limitations that impact access to your on-prem or Active Directory domain joined resources. This solution is currently ideal for scenarios in which users will only need access to cloud based resources or those that support Azure AD based authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following known issues may impact access to your on-premises or Active Directory domain-joined resources. These issues may impact your decision about whether Azure AD-joined VMs are right for your environment. We currently recommend Azure AD-joined VMs for scenarios where users only need access to cloud-based resources or Azure AD-based authentication. 
```

> - Azure Virtual Desktop (Classic) doesn't support this feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure Virtual Desktop (classic) doesn't currently support Azure AD-joined VMs. 
```

> - External users aren't supported at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure AD-joined VMs don't currently support external users, only local user profiles.
```

> - Only supports local user profiles at this time.

Reviewer: Delete this line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Azure AD-joined VMs only supports local user profiles at this time.
```

> - Azure AD-joined VMs will not be able to access Azure File Shares for FSLogix or MSIX App attach. (Require Kerberos authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure AD-joined VMs can't access Azure Files file shares for FSLogix or MSIX app attach. You'll need Kerberos authentication to access either of these features.
```

> - Connecting to Azure AD-joined VMs isn't currently supported using the Windows Store client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Windows Store client doesn't currently support Azure AD-joined VMs.
```

> - Host pools should only contain VMs of the same domain join type. For example, AD-joined VMs should only be with other AD VMs, and vice-versa.
> - The host pool VMs must be Windows 10 single-session or multi-session, version 2004 or later.

### Assign user access to host pools

> After you've created your host pool, you must assign users access to let them access to their resources. To grant access to resources, add each user to the app group. You'll need to do this process for both Azure Virtual Desktop and Azure Virtual Desktop (classic) deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you've created your host pool, you must assign users access to let them access to their resources. To grant access to resources, add each user to the app group. Follow the instructions in [Manage app groups](manage-app-groups.md) to assign user access to apps and desktops. We recommend that you use user groups instead of individual users wherever possible.
```

> For Azure AD-joined VMs, you'll need to do three extra things on top of the requirements for Active Directory or Azure Active Directory Domain Services-based deployments:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Azure AD-joined VMs, you'll need to do two extra things on top of the requirements for Active Directory or Azure Active Directory Domain Services-based deployments:  
```

Author: I'm thinking there might be some older data in what you are seeing here.   This is what I currently have which is 3 bullets.  I'll get the other updates noted and ensure I have pushed the changes up from my local machine.  

For Azure AD-joined VMs, you'll need to do three extra things on top of the requirements for Active Directory or Azure Active Directory Domain Services-based deployments:  
- Assign your users the **Virtual Machine User Login** role so they can sign in to the VMs.
- Assign administrators who need local administrative privileges the **Virtual Machine Administrator Login** role.
- To access resources from client machines or endpoint devices that aren't Azure AD-joined to your tenant or are outside your organization, you'll need to add a new property called *targetisaadjoined:i:1* to your host pool. To add this property, open the **Advanced** tab, then enter the property under **RDP Properties**.

- Assign your users the **Virtual Machine User Login** role so they can sign in to the VMs.
- Assign administrators who need local administrative privileges the **Virtual Machine Administrator Login** role.

> - To access resources from client machines or endpoint devices that aren't Azure AD-joined to your tenant or are outside your organization, you'll need to add a new property called *targetisaadjoined:i:1* to your host pool. To add this property, open the **Advanced** tab, then enter the property under **RDP Properties**.  

Reviewer 2: Delete line. Already covered below.

> Follow the instructions in [Manage app groups](manage-app-groups.md) to assign user access to apps and desktops. We recommend that you use user groups instead of individual users wherever possible.

Reviewer 2: Delete line. Moved to the above paragraph.

> - Host pools should only contain VMs of the same domain join type. For example, AD-joined VMs should only be with other AD VMs, and vice-versa.
> - The host pool VMs must be Windows 10 single-session or multi-session, version 2004 or later.

> ### Assign user access to host pools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Assign user access to host pools

```

> - Host pools should only contain VMs of the same domain join type. For example, AD-joined VMs should only be with other AD VMs, and vice-versa.
> - The host pool VMs must be Windows 10 single-session or multi-session, version 2004 or later.

> ### Configure Access after Host Pool Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Assign user access to host pools
```

Reviewer: Once again, add a line break between the heading and the body text.

> After you've created the host pool, you must assign user access. Add users to the App Group to give them access to the resources. (Standard for all AVD Deployments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've created your host pool, you must assign users access to let them access to their resources. To grant access to resources, add each user to the app group. You'll need to do this process for both Azure Virtual Desktop and Azure Virtual Desktop (classic) deployments.
```

Reviewer: Make sure to add a line break between this paragraph and the next one.

Author: The word "access" just seems to be used too many times here. Maybe this?

After you've created your host pool, you must assign users access to their resources. To grant access to resources, add each user to the app group. You'll need to do this process for both Azure Virtual Desktop and Azure Virtual Desktop (classic) deployments.

Author: I'm just hitting "Commit suggestion" for these.... is that the best way to address these or should I be re-editing the doc somehow?  (Sorry, somewhat new to collaborating in GitHub)

> For Azure AD-joined VMs, you'll need to do three things in addition to the requirements for Active Directory or Azure Active Directory Domain Services based deployments:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Azure AD-joined VMs, you'll need to do three extra things on top of the requirements for Active Directory or Azure Active Directory Domain Services-based deployments:  
```

Reviewer: Add a line break between this paragraph and the start of the bulleted list.

> - Grant users the **Virtual Machine User Login** role so they can sign in to the VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign your users the **Virtual Machine User Login** role so they can sign in to the VMs.
```

Reviewer: Would it be better to give clearer instructions for how to do this here instead of just making it a single bullet point?

> - Grant Administrators that need local administrative privileges the **Virtual Machine Administrator Login** role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign administrators who need local administrative privileges the **Virtual Machine Administrator Login** role.
```

> - For access from client machines or endpoint devices NOT already Azure AD-joined to your tenant or not managed by your organization you will need to add the additional property in the Host Pool "RDP Properties" page under the "Advanced" Tab: **targetisaadjoined:i:1**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To access resources from client machines or endpoint devices that aren't Azure AD-joined to your tenant or are outside your organization, you'll need to add a new property called *targetisaadjoined:i:1* to your host pool. To add this property, open the **Advanced** tab, then enter the property under **RDP Properties**.  
```
